email - Hannah, Care Manager, Addiction Center Broome County, NY




Rakesh Kukatla - Available for a Second opinion and/or a Care manager and a Case manager Inbox
Add star Rakesh Kukatla<rakeshkelm@gmail.com> Fri, Sep 8, 2023 at 2:34 PM
To: hannahcaremanager@acbcservices.org, receptionwindow@acbcservices.org, heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org
Cc: heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org
Bcc: markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original


Sent via email to:
hannahcaremanager@acbcservices.org, Hannah, Care Manager
receptionwindow@acbcservices.org, Reception window
heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, Heather Launt, Care Manager


Sent via email cc:
heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, Heather Launt, Care Manager
jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org, Jennifer Kriebel, Counselor


Sent via email bcc:
markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org, Mark Mastrangelo




Rakesh Kukatla - Available for a Second opinion and/or a Care manager
and a Case manager


Hi Hannah,


Thanks for receiving me and listening to me in the shaded and paved area
at ACBC office's. Also, thanks for accepting my request for a copy of
the intake
paperwork and your business card. Thank you for making the effort to get the
paperwork from the responsible party. It is unfortunate, that your
effort's did not bear any fruit.


Thank you, for informing me that you are not in direct contact with
your boss and that
you are unable to provide me with your email address and business
card. Thanks, also for informing me that Heather Launt was
unavailable at the time.


Just, wanted to follow up with an email, on my communication with you, of a need
for a second opinion and/or Care manager and a Case manager.


I have a preference for Resident receptionist's and Manager's (aka fresh
graduates who are in residence training). I also have a gender preference -
female (who have identified in the past, continue to identify in the
present and have reasonable - more likely than not - confidence on
their identity in the future). Please, feel free to share their
profiles and email addresses with me and/or have them communicate with
me directly.


It would be wonderful, to be able to perform conflict of interest and
compatibility check's. I will try to connect with Heather Launt, to get my
paperwork and services rolling.


I look forward to hearing from you at your convenience.


Thank you,
Rakesh.
Independent interest and Militia
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america
ACBC = Addiction center broome county




--
-----
Smart Communication
Internet (aka Trailer net)
git : aka fool
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
Cloud apps : Skype, Zoom, Teams and other


Smart location
Cottage (aka Trailer park)
7 Elm Street, Binghamton, NY 13905.
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america