email - Erica Yanowiak, Intake - Addiction center broome county, Binghamton, NY




Rakesh Kukatla - Available for a Second opinion and/or a Care manager and a Case manager
 Inbox
Add star Rakesh Kukatla<rakeshkelm@gmail.com> Wed, Sep 6, 2023 at 3:08 PM
To: ericayanowiak@acbcservices.org, teresa6074228146@acbcservices.org
Cc: jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org, markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org
Bcc: heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, hannahcaremanager@acbcservices.org
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original


Sent via email to:
ericayanowiak@acbcservices.org, Erica Yanowiak
teresa6074228146@acbcservices.org, Teresa 6074228146


Sent via email cc:
jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org, Jennifer Kriebel, Counselor
markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org, Mark Mastrangelo


Sent via email bcc:
heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, Heather Launt, Care Manager
hannahcaremanager@acbcservices.org, Hannah, Care Manager


Rakesh Kukatla - Available for a Second opinion and/or a Care manager
and a Case manager


Hi Erica,


Thanks for performing the intake paperwork. Also, thanks for
accepting my request for a copy of the intake paperwork and your
business card.


Unfortunately, you mixed up and delivered the intake paperwork
original's to me, in the waiting area outside the Pantry window and in
front of the Pantry freezer's in ACBC office's. I was and am unable
to accept the originals. Hence, I informed you and left the
original's in the same yellow business envelope on the coffee table in
the above waiting area. Thank you, for informing me that you have ran
out of your business card's.


Just, wanted to follow up on my communication with you, of a need
for a second opinion and/or Care manager and a Case manager.


I have a preference for Resident receptionist's and Manager's (aka fresh
graduates who are in residence training). I also have a gender preference -
female (who have identified in the past, continue to identify in the
present and have reasonable - more likely than not - confidence on
their identity in the future). Please, feel free to share their
profiles and email addresses with me and/or have them communicate with
me directly.


It would be wonderful, to be able to perform conflict of interest and
compatibility check's. Again, it would be great if I can pick up a
copy of the intake (paperwork).


I look forward to hearing from you at your convenience.


Thank you,
Rakesh.
Independent interest and Militia
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america
ACBC = Addiction center broome county


--
-----
Smart Communication
Internet (aka Trailer net)
git : aka fool
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
Cloud apps : Skype, Zoom, Teams and other


Smart location
Cottage (aka Trailer park)
7 Elm Street, Binghamton, NY 13905.
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america