email - Heather Launt, Care Manager, Addiction Center Broome County, NY


Rakesh Kukatla - Available for an Appointment with Heather Launt Inbox
Add star Rakesh Kukatla<rakeshkelm@gmail.com> Mon, Sep 11, 2023 at 3:44 PM
To: heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org
Cc: jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org
Bcc: markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org
Reply | Reply to all | Forward | Print | Delete | Show original


Sent via email to:
heatherlaunt@acbcservices.org, Heather Launt, Care Manager


Sent via email cc:
jenniferkriebel@acbcservices.org, Jennifer Kriebel, Counselor


Sent via email bcc:
markmastrangelo@acbcservices.org, Mark Mastrangelo


Rakesh Kukatla - Available for an Appointment with Heather Launt


Hi Heather,


Thank you, for walking me over to the intake office and sharing your
email address.
It is unfortunate, that your effort's did not bear any fruit - unable to get my
services rolling.


I stopped by ACBC office's a few time's over the past several day's
and was unable to reach you.


Just, wanted to follow up with an email, on my communication with you, of a need
for a Care manager and a Case manager.


I have a preference for Resident receptionist's and Manager's (aka fresh
graduates who are in residence training). I also have a gender preference -
female (who have identified in the past, continue to identify in the
present and have reasonable - more likely than not - confidence on
their identity in the future). Please, feel free to share their
profiles and email addresses with me and/or have them communicate with
me directly.


It would be wonderful, to be able to perform conflict of interest and
compatibility check's. It will be best if we are able to schedule an
appointment
to get my services rolling.


I look forward to hearing from you at your convenience.


Thank you,
Rakesh.
Independent interest and Militia
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america
ACBC = Addiction center broome county


--
-----
Smart Communication
Internet (aka Trailer net)
git : aka fool
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
Cloud apps : Skype, Zoom, Teams and other


Smart location
Cottage (aka Trailer park)
7 Elm Street, Binghamton, NY 13905.
USA - Banana republicans (aka United whores, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america